add more specific selection criteria (#342)
rocket-pool/RPIPs: RPIPs/RPIP-71.md

## Motivation
Rocket ether is an unnecessarily risky product for any investor who might want to have reliable and timely access to their capital, since it can remain locked up on the beacon chain by the permissionless node operator set of Rocket Pool until they choose to exit. This RPIP seeks to remedy this situation and thereby make Rocket ether a more attractive and competitive product in the marketplace of Liquid Staking Tokens.

## Specification
We leave technical implementation details to the discretion of the development team, as long as they conform to the following desiderata:
- This specification SHALL be implemented in Saturn 2. 
- Pool stakers MUST be able to signal that they wish to exit at the protocol rate.
- The delay to burn rETH after such a signal MUST be short and bounded except for factors outside of protocol control.
    - There MUST NOT be any required actions by node operators to ensure a short delay.

> - The next validator chosen to exit to provide protocol liquidity for pool stakers SHALL be associated with a megapool which meets the criteria below:

Reviewer: maybe this? "Any validators exited via this RPIP MUST be chosen as if by following the validator selection process afresh for each exit". Not sure if it's more or less confusing than what you suggested :)

> - The next validator chosen to exit to provide protocol liquidity for pool stakers SHALL be associated with a megapool which meets the criteria below:

Author: ```suggestion
- Any validators exited via this RPIP MUST be associated with a megapool chosen as if by following the selection process afresh for each exit:
```
